1)Add a project for the Lnk.
2)Made a post for projects.
File Bus pipeline infrastrucure.
Project is a solution for the automation control of the hosts from on master with using of SMB (Folder Sharing)and without  of using of TCP/IP protoclols NAPRYAMUU.
Solution is for the networks that have a local network but connection for the Master server is out of the network and only connecting part is a same Shared Folder.
App Use a Json files to manage a Pipeline.That mean:send command,get responces,check status.
App builded from to part-apps.Manager and Worker. Manager is a Master(Server)and he send a coomands , get a responces for this commands and show them to the user.
Worker is the app for the end-hosts that used like a agent. He run a pipelines from the commands,senda responces,and send his status for the Manager.
Each worker have a Unig ID and Group ID that give to manager option to run a commands on specific Hosts or Group of Hosts.
Each app have a config tab that give to user in user-friendluy desigh to config a infrastructure and Pipelines for his network.Config include:
Custom groups for Pipelines,ID of the Hosts,Pipeline configs and commands,Configs for the Shared Folder.
Project use:Pyhton,.....




	AI VERS:
	
	
	File Bus Pipeline Infrastructure

Master–agent automation platform for networks where the master has no TCP/IP access to endpoints — the only shared channel is an SMB folder. Commands, responses and status flow through it as JSON files.

Manager dispatches commands and shows host status; Worker runs on each host as an agent, executes pipelines and reports back. Each Worker has a Host ID + Group ID for single-host or group targeting. A built-in Config tab lets the operator set up groups, hosts, pipelines and the shared folder without touching code.

Stack: Python, PyQt6, PyInstaller, JSON, SMB, PyVISA / pyserial.



Short version — LinkedIn post
File Bus Pipeline Infrastructure — JSON-over-SMB automation

Built a platform to control distributed hosts from a single master in networks where direct TCP/IP is not allowed. The only shared surface is an SMB folder, and everything — commands, responses, status, pipelines — moves through it as JSON files.

Two apps:

Manager (master) — dispatches commands, collects responses, monitors the fleet.
Worker (agent) — executes pipelines on the endpoint and reports status back.
Each Worker has a unique Host ID and Group ID, so the Manager can hit one host, a group, or the whole fleet. A user-friendly Config tab in both apps lets the operator define groups, hosts, pipelines, commands and shared-folder settings — no code changes.

Perfect for air-gapped or segmented networks where SSH / WinRM / agents-over-TCP simply aren't an option.

Stack: Python, PyQt6, pystray, PyInstaller, JSON, SMB, PyVISA / pyserial.
                                      


TCG tool 
Project is a solutiong for the User fiendly Tool for Telemetry and Config of devices that use a ASCII command protocol (line-oriented) that look like:
FTG 1,0,0,G,123.23.1.1,GOOD,010101,1.
Tool take a line command and transmit in to the program by translating from the config of program(with option to change a config per solution)to the UI.
Tool give option to  made a config of commnads that user can send from the App.
App include a 3 types of Protocols:
Serial,SSH,UDP.
App include a couple of fiture:
1)Slide of translated data
2)Slide of the translated data with a SVETOFOR DESIGH
3)Slide of Config on Serial and UDP
4)Slide of Config on SSH(With a full ssh termianl for using)
5)Slide of Serial Termina(Full Serial termianl for using)
6)Slide of Config tha tuser can made a cutom config for his needs.
Project based on the Web Intarface and can be connected with HTTP.
Project use:Python,FASTAPI, HTML,CSS,JAVASCRIPT......


	AI VERS:
	Short version (LinkedIn "Projects" section)
File Bus — Pipeline Infrastructure

File Bus is an automation tool that lets one master control many hosts without direct TCP/IP — all communication runs through a shared folder (SMB) used as a message bus. It uses JSON-driven pipelines to send commands, collect responses, and monitor host status. Built as two Python apps: a Manager (sends commands, shows results) and a Worker agent (runs pipelines, reports status). Hosts are targeted by Unique ID or Group ID, and both apps include a user-friendly config UI. Tech: Python.

Longer version (LinkedIn post)
🚀 Just built File Bus — a Pipeline Infrastructure for controlling hosts without a direct network connection.

The problem: sometimes your master server sits outside the local network of the machines you need to manage, and the only thing both sides share is a shared folder. No direct TCP/IP, no open ports, no SSH.

So I made the shared folder itself the message bus. 📁

Here's how File Bus works:
🔹 Communication happens entirely through an SMB shared folder — no direct connections between master and hosts.
🔹 Everything is driven by JSON pipelines: send command → get response → check status.
🔹 It's split into two apps:
• Manager (master) — sends commands, collects responses, and shows everything to the user.
• Worker (agent) — runs the command pipelines on each host, sends back responses, and reports its status.
🔹 Every Worker has a Unique ID and a Group ID, so the Manager can target a single host or a whole group at once.
🔹 Both apps ship with a user-friendly config UI to set up groups, host IDs, pipelines, commands, and the shared-folder connection.

Ideal for air-gapped or segmented networks where direct connectivity isn't an option but file sharing is. 🔒

Built with Python. 🐍


                                      


Radio Network planning tool.
Project is a solution for one of the Radio Network froject for the creating of one time config for the devices in the Netwokr.
Before for each device in the network user was need to made a config of Routs,IP,OSPF groups,Route Groups.
And tool was made a modular config that is uploaded to devices and by idenificator take a relevant configs.
Specility of the tool that a logic of the creating a config file is with a lot of exeption,validation and range control and in the same time he need to get in some configs until 1000 values and to give a soft form for show until 1000 valuse on the screen.
In the end tool take all config and generate a config file and realese pdf with  descr.
 Project use:Python,......
 
 
 AI VERS:
 Short version — LinkedIn Project section
Radio Network Planning Tool — a PyQt6 desktop app that replaces manual, per-device network setup with a single modular configuration. The user designs the whole network once, and each device auto-loads its relevant settings by identifier. Features a validation-heavy engine with IP/multicast range and overlap control, scales to ~1,000 values with a smooth real-time UI, and exports a modular .ipi (XML) file plus CSV reports.

Tech: Python, PyQt6, XML, CSV, JSON, PyInstaller.

Longer version — LinkedIn Post
🚀 Excited to share a tool I built: a Radio Network Planning Tool.

In this network, every device used to be configured by hand — routes, IPs, OSPF groups, and route-groups, one device at a time. It was slow and error-prone.

So I built a desktop application that flips the process: instead of configuring each device separately, you design the entire network once. The tool generates a single modular configuration file, and each device automatically loads only the settings relevant to it, based on its identifier.

The hardest and most interesting part was the configuration engine. It's built around strict correctness:
✅ Extensive validation and exception handling
✅ Range & overlap control for IP ranges, multicast, subnets, and next-hops
✅ Uniqueness and naming rules

On top of that, it had to scale to ~1,000 configuration values while still feeling smooth to use — so the UI is fully tabbed and scrollable, with real-time field validation that guides the user as they type.

When the design is ready, the tool generates a modular .ipi file (XML) and CSV exports for Sites and Route-Groups, ready to deploy.

Tech stack: Python · PyQt6 · XML · CSV · JSON · PyInstaller


                                      

MISHMARON
Project is a solution for free infrastucure for the shift orchistrator and auto shedule helped that made a shedule for the shift by ruls from the user.
Project include a Telegram bot ,REST-api server, backend server,Database , web fron end site for the configuration of shedule filters and building a shift shedule.
Telegram bot used for the requesting a shift for specific dates and send them to backend server.
Rest api send and pull data about users,shift,permision.
Backend create a logic for the auto shedule creating and cofiguration using.
Web Fronend give a option to made a auto shedule and/or change it manualy.


Shift Scheduler — a free-infrastructure system that collects workers' shift availability and automatically builds work schedules based on rules defined by the user.

The system has four parts:

Telegram bot — workers use it to submit their availability for specific dates, and it delivers each worker their final schedule. It sends and receives all data through the backend.
Backend server (REST API) — the core of the system. It stores and serves data (users, shifts, requests, permissions, schedules) and runs the auto-scheduling logic using a constraint solver.
PostgreSQL database — stores all data.
Web frontend — where the admin configures the scheduling rules and filters, triggers the automatic build, and edits the result manually before publishing.

here are two roles: an admin configures the shifts and rules, and workers only submit requests and receive their schedule. The scheduler builds rosters with a constraint solver (Google OR-Tools), respecting hard rules (availability, coverage, no double-booking) and optimizing soft ones (fair shift distribution, balanced night shifts). Everything runs on a free always-on cloud server, so hosting costs nothing.

Tech stack: Python, FastAPI, PostgreSQL, aiogram (Telegram bot), OR-Tools (scheduling engine), web frontend (HTML/CSS/JS).







3)Made a printscreens for the 5 prohect to visit card
4)
5)
